Psalm 90 a prayer of Moses the man of
God Lord you have been our dwelling
place in all generations before the
mountains were brought forth where ever
you had formed the earth in the world
even from everlasting to everlasting you
are God you turn man to destruction and
say return no children of men for a
thousand years in your sight are like
yesterday when it is past and like a
watch in the night you carried them away
like a flood
they are like asleep in the morning they
are like grass which grows up in the
morning it's flourishes and grows up in
the evening it is cut down and Withers
for we have been consumed by your anger
and by your wrath we are terrified
you have set our iniquities before you
our secret sins in the light of your
countenance for all our days have passed
away in your wrath we finish our years
like a sigh the days of our lives are
seventy years and if by reason of
strength they are eighty years yet their
boast is only labor and sorrow for rate
is soon cut off and we fly away who
knows the power of your anger or as the
fear of you
so is your wrath so teach us to number
our days that we may gain a heart of
wisdom return O Lord
[Music]
how long and have compassion on your
servants Oh satisfy us early with your
mercy that we may rejoice and be glad
all our days make us glad according to
the days in which you have afflicted us
the years in which we have seen evil let
your work appear to your servants and
your glory to their children and let the
beauty of the Lord our God be upon us
and establish the work of our hands for
us
yes establish the work of our hands
[Music]